Final Exam
Total points 10
1.
Question 1
Which of the following is not true about Machine Learning?


1 point

Machine Learning was inspired by the learning process of human beings.



Machine Learning models help us in tasks such as object recognition, summarization, and recommendation.



XXXX Machine learning gives computers the ability to make decision by writing down rules and methods and being explicitly programmed.



Machine Learning models iteratively learn from data, and allow computers to find hidden insights.


2.
Question 2
Which of the following groups are not Machine Learning techniques?


1 point

Classification and Clustering



XXXXNumpy, Scipy and Scikit-Learn



Anomaly Detection and Recommendation Systems


3.
Question 3
When would you not use Multiple Linear Regression?


1 point

>>>> When we would like to predict the impacts that weather and temperature have on a particular crop.



XXXX None of the above.



When we would like to predict impacts of changes in independent variables on a dependent variable.



XXX When we would like to identify the strength of the effect that the independent variables have on a dependent variable. 


4.
Question 4
In which of the following is correct for Polynomial Regression?


1 point

XXXX It can fit a curved line to your data.



It can be transformed into a linear regression model using the Least Squares method.



It can use the same mechanism as Multiple Linear Regression to find the parameters.



>>> All of the above.


5.
Question 5
Which of the below is a sample of classification problem?


1 point

To predict the category to which a customer belongs to.



To predict whether a customer switches to another provider/brand. 



To predict whether a customer responds to a particular advertising campaign or not.



XXXX All of the above


6.
Question 6
What is a statistical model that uses Logistic function to model the conditional probability?


1 point

XXXX Ridge regression



Linear regression



>>>> Logistic regression



Stepwise Regression


7.
Question 7
Which statement is NOT TRUE about k-means clustering?


1 point

XXXX As k-means is an iterative algorithm, it guarantees that it will always converge to the global optimum. 



k-means divides the data into non-overlapping clusters without any cluster-internal structure.



The objective of k-means, is to form clusters in such a way that similar samples go into a cluster, and dissimilar samples fall into different clusters. 


8.
Question 8
What does DBCSAN stand for?


1 point

>>>> Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise.



XXX Data-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise.



Density-based Spatial Cores of Applications with Noise.



Data-Based Sample Clustering of Applications with Noise.


9.
Question 9
What is/are the advantage/s of Recommender Systems ?


1 point

XXXX Recommender Systems provide a better experience for the users by giving them a broader exposure to many different products they might be interested in. 



Recommender Systems encourage users towards continual usage or purchase of their product 



Recommender Systems benefit the service provider by increasing potential revenue and better security for its consumers. 



>>> All of the above.


10.
Question 10
What is a content-based recommendation system? 


1 point

XXXX Content-based recommendation system tries to recommend items to the users based on their profile built upon their preferences and taste. 



Content-based recommendation system tries to recommend items based on similarity among items.



Content-based recommendation system tries to recommend items based on the similarity of users when buying, watching, or enjoying something.



All of above.



